[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a romantic mystery
film the illusionist
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
at a theater in the city of vienna
austria 1889
the magician eisenheim is totally
focused on his performance on the stage
the audience is entirely overwhelmed by
his magic show and a lady even screams
out loud
when seeing a ghost appears out of
nowhere at the corner
right at that moment the detective and
his men who are waiting at the theater
accuse eisenhower fraud and go to arrest
him
which however causes an immediate uproar
amongst the infuriated audience
who would rather believe the magician's
innocence
after the arrest the detective reports
to the prince of the magician's
background
eisenhower was born a son to a carpenter
in a poor family
someday he encountered a mysterious
magician who showed him some incredible
magics he never saw before
eisenhower was amazed by the magic and
got obsessed
he then started his practices on his own
and tried to make them perfect
not long after that he happened to meet
a young girl sophie
who's born in a wealthy family with
powerful political ties
but was naive enough to get hooked by
his magic tricks and his magnetic
hormones as well
they fell in love with each other real
soon however due to the huge difference
in their family background
the two were forbidden from seeing each
other and separated forcibly by sophie's
family
sophia begged eisenheim eagerly to make
them both disappear with his magic power
but eisenheim actually couldn't do
anything but just witness his darling be
taken away by the security guards
heartbroken and in regret of losing his
hormone partner
to his incompetence eisenhower decided
to study advanced magic skills elsewhere
he packed up and later departed with
nothing left but a heart-shaped locket
made by himself and sent to soviets a
promise that he would return for her
some years later
and take her away 15 years later
heisenheim returns to the city vienna
and brings the audience's best magic
performances ever
in which he shows the entire growing
process of an orange tree from a little
seed
and the flying handkerchief carried by
butterflies
the audience is significantly amused and
cheer for his excellency
the prince is also interested in
eisenheim's magic and wants to see his
show in person
the detective is sent to check the
theater for the prince's safety
backstage the detective asks eisenhower
how he played the orange
tree trick rather than tell him the real
secret
eisenhower just distracts the detective
from that question with some tiny tricks
that night during the performance the
prince is happy to make his fiancee
engaged in the magic show
realizing that the fiance is nobody else
but his former hormone partner sophie
though
eisenheim tries to stay calm and
continues his performance
in which sophie is covered in a long red
robe before a large mirror
he tricks to kill sophie's reflection
but her real body is shown unharmed
astonished by the mysterious magic show
the prince invites eisenheim to perform
another show at the palace
eisenheim feels happy to accept the
invitation and later learns that the
prince is irritable and brutal towards
his girls
a few days before his next show of the
palace eisenhower receives a letter from
sophie
requesting a secret meeting with him
which however
is later discovered by the detective who
keeps close eyes on sophie under the
prince's orders
the detective warns eisenheim
immediately to keep his distance from
sophie
eisenheim however gets upset by the
warning and replies that the detective
just serves the cruel prince for his own
political future only
during the performance of the palace
eisenhower humiliates the prince before
sophie and other royal officials
by recurring to the sword in the stone
story using the prince's jewel featured
sword
the prince ends up taking a long time to
pull out the sword
and feels intensely embarrassed by that
in response the prince orders to ban
eisenheim from performing any show in
the city again
later at night sophie finds eisenheim
secretly and warns him that he could be
in danger
for his fooling the ruthless prince
however
being separated from each other for more
than a decade of hormone 32
put everything aside and let go of their
hormones fantastic
but fast two minutes later as expected
sophie reveals that the prince is
planning a coup d'etat against his
elderly father
and she does not want to marry the
prince at all
as a promise made to her 15 years ago
eisenhower decides to make a safe escape
plan for him and sophie
he cashes out all his money from his
manager and later has a quick meet up
with sophie on the street
which however has been spotted out by
the detective who later discovers their
escape plan
and reports to the prince enraged and
overwhelmed with jealousy
the prince challenges sophie that night
and slaps her across the face
when hearing she's determined to cancel
their engagement
as sophie storms out to take her horse
the prince follows her to the stables
moments later however a butler only
hears sophie screams
and witnesses she leaves the stable
lying slumped upon her horse
the next day people search the woods for
sophie but only find sophie's body lying
on a riverbank
the detective finds a ruby in sophie's
clothes while inspecting a cut wound on
her neck
which is believed the cause of her death
eisenheim sorrows for the death of his
hormone partner
and accuses the prince of the murder the
detective warns eisenheim to watch his
mouth
before the truth is established but the
detective also can't get rid of his
suspicion over the prince
despite the voluntary surrender of a
suspect who claims to have committed the
murder
some time later eisenheim buys a new
theater and hires a group of workers
to prepare for his new magic shows which
are featured with the summoning of
spirits from the dead
who can unbelievably interact with the
audience below
they treat eisenhower's god of magic and
some even believe the show is real
the detective changes his opinions on
eisenheim after seeing the show with his
own eyes
but couldn't disobey the prince's order
and arrest eisenheim under the excuse of
fraud
under pressure from the police and in
exchange for his own freedom
eisenheim has to declare to all his
faithful followers that his shows are
just delusions
and are not real the prince however is
certainly not pleased with that
later he decides to expose eisenheim's
tricks by disguising himself as an
ordinary audience
however sophie's spirit is summoned this
time and her unspecified answers could
implicate the prince's responsibility
for her death
on his way back to the palace the prince
bursts into anger
and claims the magician frames him
enrage then orders the detective to
arrest the magician
and execute him for some excuse the
detective however
is unwilling to obey the prince's
unjustifiable order anymore
he then finds the magician and tries to
convince him to stop his show
but to no avail eisenheim gives all his
money and property to his old manager
before heading to his last performance
at the show eisenheim summons sophie's
spirit again
who claims to the audience that she lost
her precious locket while she was killed
causing the audience to suspect the
prince for the murder again
and almost lose control the detective
rushes to the stage with his men
and is about to take the magician but
they're shocked to find what's sitting
there
is not the real eisenheim but just his
reflection
soon the detective searches backstage
for the real magician but only finds a
notebook titled orange tree
with designs of sophie's lost locket
later the detective finds the lost
locket
as well as an emerald in the stables
where sophie was last seen alive
with a ruby found from sophie's clothes
and the emerald from the stables
the detective later notices that they
exactly come from the princess sword
the detective accuses the prince of
sophie's murder
the prince is enraged and tries to kill
him
but while learning that his conspiracy
to seize the throne has been reported to
the king
the prince shoots himself in the head
putting an end to his miserable life
believing that the murder case is closed
completely the detective leaves with a
locket
while walking on the street the
detective is given a big envelope
in which he finds the magician's orange
tree show design
the next second he notices the locket
has been gone
and should have been taken by a hormone
smelly mustache guy
who jostled him on the street he then
follows the special smell
and rushes all the way to the train
platform where he's too late to catch a
leaving train
that the mustache guy is supposed to
bore with all those details born in mind
the detectives suddenly realizes the
whole plan set up by the magician
it's revealed that eisenhower took the
jewels from the prince's sword
on his performance at the palace and
intentionally let the prince know his
secret meeting with sophie
resulting in a perfect motivation for
the prince to kill her
besides that he also asked sophie to
drug the prince before she set the
murder scenes
and faked her death temporarily with
some magic drug
making the poor prince even believe
himself to be responsible for killing
his fiancee
while he's drunken as [ __ ] knowing the
truth the detective starts laughing
hysterically
while on the other side the magician who
played a smelly hormone trick with the
detective earlier the day
arrives at a peaceful village where he
reunites with sophie
and is ready to restore their hormonity
in the open wild
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out